General: I think that it is a good practice for all papers to explain  
the CMS coordinate system, phi, theta/eta and pT in a footnote the  
first time any of these appears.

Abstract line 11: ?for J/psi transverse momenta?and in the J/psi  
rapidity range?
line 4: produced directly ->produced directly in the proton-proton  
collision (or something like that)

lines 60-64: the trigger description is very brief and does not really  
tell anything. We should add a couple of sentences to describe what is  
a ?muon at L1? and then put a reference. I cannot find any public  
results (PAS or performance plots) for the trigger, are there any, or  
is the JINST detector paper the only reference?

line 67: ?ad-hoc filters? sounds bad

line 90 (and probably also elsewhere): 4 -> four (all integers below  
ten in text)

lines 109-113: you select only one J/psi combination per event. Is  
this really correct? Since we are measuring the inclusive J/psi cross  
section, in principle this should include all the J/psi?s, including  
also ?higher-order effects? such as multiple production per event.  
Furthermore, since you are measuring the J/psi efficiency as the  
efficiency per J/psi, removing extra J/psis in the event means that  
use are effectively using the measured efficiency as the efficiency  
per event.

same-sign combinations: if this is left in, it requires an explanation  
of the expected level of DY contribution.

line 132+4: track segment -> muon track segment

lines 153-155: I don?t understand the argument for the possible  
different acceptance for prompt J/psis and J/psis from B?s. The  
acceptance is defined per J/psi in a given pT and y bin irrespective  
of the origin of the J/psi, and the original pT spectrum should not  
matter. A difference in the pT spectra of prompt J/psis and J/psis  
from B?s would only affect the statistics per bin, but not the  
acceptance in a bin.

subchapter 4.2 Efficiency: you have to explain more about the T&P  
efficiencies (triggers, independent samples)

lines 202-205: ?The uncertainties due to the estimated muon  
efficiencies were assessed by taking into account their statistical  
errors and by comparing in the simulation the values found with the  
Tag and Probe method with the true selection efficiencies. The two  
uncertainties were summed in quadrature.? I do not understand. Should  
this be ?The uncertainty of the J/psi efficiency originating from the  
estimated muon efficiencies was assessed?The two muon efficiency  
uncertainties were summed???

Table 3: Add in the table caption: ?In addition, the relative error on  
the luminosity determination is 11%, and is common to all bins.?

lines 269-270: it looks strange that you take the ?outliers? from MC,  
since tails in MC are always less reliable. Can you explain/justify?  
Why can?t you take these from data?

line 291: rephrase ?poorly constrained? into ?requires more  
statistics? or similar

lines 308-309: different efficiencies ? are these due to the lifetime?  
Explain.

line 320: make a cross-reference to subchapter 3.1/line 70.

Fig. 5: agree with Carlos, take away the whole rapidity range. The  
point at 8 GeV in the |eta|<2.4 must be wrong, it is above the MC  
curves in all the 3 other plots.

Fig 6: same.