 general typesetting: are you sure the construct "J/'s" is
a correct plural form? A plural form can not be built with ', so I 
assume this a short form for J/psi mesons, where the ' indicates that 
"meson" was dropped. That is very unusual! The normal construct is
simply "J/s"

- related - inconsist use of "italics" fonts for particle names.

- Fig 1's quality was reduced by compression. Please use vector graphics 
throughout.

- why is "transverse momentum" spelled out throughout? Why not use p_T?

- tenses and subjects:
I think the past tense is overused in this paper. 
In particular, when describing how this analysis is done in the middle of
the paper, in contrast to previous results you use, or the summary 
section,
the present tense is usually best. I've noted some cases below.
There's also a tendency not to use "we" when it is called for, e.g. in 
Line 108, wouldn't "We use" be better?

L6: this is nice text, but the paragraph reads fine without it.
L9-12: there's a tense problem here (what Greg calls "breaking casuality"
I think): you haven't presented your analysis yet, so from the reader's
perspective there are no such LHC results yet. So they can't "help" (in 
the present tense), at least not at this stage of the paper. It's also
a bit wordy.

An alternative:
"Cross-section measurements for prompt \Jpsi at the Large Hadron Collider 
(LHC) 
may clarify the production mechanism by testing theoretical predictions
at a higher energy and in a wider rapidity range than was previously 
possible."


L14: a "historical discrepancy" sounds like this was big enough to 
make the history books. How about:

"Past discrepancies between .... were recently resolved using the FONLL 
... "

L18-19: clearly, the theory is being tuned to the data, not the the other 
way around. So maybe:

"The cross-section values and spectra predicted by Monte Carlo
generators that implement this model, such as MC@NLO[12,13], agree
with the Tevatron results." (or "with the measurements"?)

 

L20-22: The reader will decide if this is relevant, we should only present 
the facts.
How about:

"Studying the production of J/s from B-decay at the LHC tests
these models at higher energies and also tests the QCD modeling and 
parton density functions used in Monte Carlo generation."

But do you really say anything about the QCD modeling and the PDFs
in the rest of the paper? Do the comparisons to theory depend on the
accuracy of the MC simulation?

Line 34: CMS was spelled out earlier, in line 25, why repeat it?

Footnote 1: "The CMS coordinate system has its origin ... "

L56-57: This sentence sounds too passive. Also "the average" isn't really 
defined.
How about:

"In this data sample, the LHC averaged 1.6 pp collisions per bunch 
crossing."

I think the verb "averaged" is appropriate since the LHC is a collider.

L68, L75: "were" --> "are" etc.

L71: first "Octet" is misspelled

L80: no they are not. E.g. in line 25 when you defined CMS, and in line 
54.
What you're defining here are muon CANDIDATES.


L83: there is some confusion here. It is the reconstruction algorithms 
that provide, e.g., high purity muon reconstruction. But here "the first
one" refer to a "reconstructed muon type", which does not "provide"
muon reconstruction.

L83-90: should provide the reader, in the text, with some explanation of
what the two different types actually are. I think the additional 
details (on pT thresholds, what is kept exclusive, pT reconstructions)
can not be understood without this basic information of what the
types mean. Hence this basic information is more important than the
additional details and should appear in the text.

The 4th paragraph in TRK-10-004 does this well.

L92-93: Exactly 2? Phrase on pixel layers missing a verb, e.g. "are", 
"must be". 
So how about: "..., at least two of which are required to be in the pixel
layers, ... "

L93: The chi^2 is undefined. It the output of a fit, but no (tracking) 
fit has been mentioned in the text yet (it's in the next paragraph).

L100: in principle, including the J/psi fit in such an optimization biases
a subsequent measurement of J/psi cross-section towards the expect value. 
AFAIK the optimization allowed the amount of signal to vary freely
while fixing only its shape, to avoid this. But the text currently hints
differently since it says only "expected mass distributions".
A comment on possible bias being small may also resolve this.

L110/112: "is chosen" --> "is used"


Above Eq. 1: is "material budget" clear here? Sounds a bit jargonish.

Above L133: 
- should this equation have a number?
- it's great that you choose to provide the 10\% number, but I think it
requires context: how high can this probability go? What's the average
within these cuts? 
- This is somewhat addressed by Fig. 2.

L135: why repeat "Monte Carlo" here? You could use the less distracting
"simulated", but why repeat this information here at all? It's already
been said in lines 129, 131, and 133 ("generated").

L142: "we chose"?

L145: How is BaBar's production relevant here? 
The collisions are very too different (e.g. more ISR --> less 
polarization, no?).
How is it comparable to a default LHC simulation? Shouldn't you compare it
to BaBar's default simulation and then translate to the LHC?

L150: I found this sentence very confusing. I think that was caused by
stressing "generated" for the di-muons when it applies equally
well to the J/psi.

L155, 303, 306, 315: "systematics" --> "source of systematic uncertainty" 
or
"systematic uncertainty" depending on context
(systematics as a shortform for systematic uncertainty is HEP-EX jargon)

L161: is this 20% relative or absolute? That is, would you change a 
simulated
25% to 20-30% or to 5-45%?

L164: pp is italicized, unlike in the rest of the text.

L170: Doesn't this correction also apply to MC? 
"The reconstructed muon p_T was calibrations..."

L171: residual bias where? In data? In MC? In both? On the difference?
The current text implies the answer is "In data", but what about
the MC, is the reconstruction tuned to be perfect there by definition?

L172: Remove "below" (right now you're saying the maximum is below 0.05%,
like you want to keep the actual maximum a secret).

L172-175: very wordy. How about:

"...0.05%, which is taken as a source of systematic uncertainty on the 
acceptance."
I realize this suggestion is probably wrong, due to my lack of 
understanding
as per the questions above. I write it only to note that it may be
possible to rewrite this as much shorter text.

L176-177: Remove the first "also". "give a systematics on" --> "bias".

L150-176: 
- what are the sizes of these uncertainties? Which ones are important?
- What about the charge-dependence and phi-modulation mentioned in 
TRK-10-004?

L188: "and varies only slightly"

L194: Is the 0.11 used in the systematic uncertainties?

L195-198: Is background subtraction used? If so, it'll probably help to 
mention the background levels in Fig. 1.
Should this text be in the present tense?

L200: which distribution of the probe muon? How big is the difference?

207-210: a) You varied by reweighting, these are not separate actions.
b) why the plural "spectra"?
c) this is a run-on sentence
d) shouldn't this be in the present tense?
How about:
"Hence we reweight the simulated J/psi pT spectrum to reproduce different 
theoretical predictions (see Sec. 7)
and take the largest variation as a systematic uncertainty on r."

 

Table 3: 
The fit uncertainties fluctuate wildly. It seems their estimation is
unstable (are you only comparing 2/3 shapes?) and thus some uncertainties
are underestimated. E.g. is it really 0.0 uncertainty for |eta|<1.2 and 
pT~6GeV?
To my mind, a simple smoothing as a function of pT would suffice.
This may also be useful for the muon efficiency uncertainties.

 


L251: "of the event"?
"calculate by" --> "found by performing a"?

 

Above Eq. 7: the nominal mass (is so reference PDG), or the reconstructed 
one?

L259: why is x bold? Is it a vector? Then why does the text say "distance"
(i.e., a scalar)?

L265: remove the first "the" ("are functional forms describing").
L267: ending is awkward. How about "as described in Section 5.1" (or "as 
detailed").
L268: remove the first "the"

L273: are all Gaussian constrained to peak at 0?

L279: an active voice may help:

"For the ... F_bkg(..) we use the function form of Ref.[25], convoluted 
..."

L281: what are "effective parameters"?

L284: "b" is italicized, unlike in rest of paper. Also, you often use a 
capital B,
e.g. Table 5.

L288: What are "sample bins"?
L289: how can you exclude any bias? Probably better to say that any 
possible bias
was found to be negligible. Or to say that the bias was quantified and
found to be negligible.

Fig. 4 caption: Was "pull" defined somewhere?

L310: bold math symbols would look better.

Tables 4,8 - it is not clear from the caption whether these are the 
predicted
cross sections, or the measured ones (with acceptance and such 
depending on the assumptions).
Add "measured"?

L324 - why is prompt italicized, this isn't the definition since it 
appeared before.

L334 - "falling significantly steeper" is very awkward.
What's "models represented"? Did you mean "presented above"?
How about:
"The differential cross decreases as a function of p_T more rapidly
than predicted by the models presented above."

L338 - drop last comma?

L341 - drop "have"
- why is J/psi italicized while pp is not in L342?


L342 - nb-1 are not units of data, so "314nb-1 of data" 
--> something like in the abstract and the introduction

Fig. 5 - caption doesn't describe the x-axis error bars.

After L343 - are these "regions" or "windows"? Would read better
with a consistent term.

L346b - Drop "the" before "J/psi production"

L347 - the differential measurements split into prompt and non-prompt
haven't been mentioned in the conclusions yet. So "the" is inappropriate,
it can be dropped.
- drop "some"

L348 - drop "in general"


