I have found a few places where the text can be improved.  For 
instance, the captions of Figs. 5 and 6.  But these are minor details,
which can be easily "improved".  Other cosmetic changes can be 
very easily made to some of the figures.  For instance, Fig. 1 has 
"mu+mu- invariant mass" as the x label but the same-sign pairs are
also shown in the plots...  Not "consistent".  But this is "cosmetics"
and can be fixed later.  We should not delay the next steps because
of such trivial details.  Here are a few more trivialities:

I wonder if there is a way to have Tables 4 and 8 without rotating
them.  It is not very nice to see them like this  :-) 

Figure 3 looks much better now, with the "/dy", but the y-axis label is
too large (larger than the figure).  Can you reduce the font size?

I have a couple of more "interesting" comments.  Do we really need 
to show the same-sign points in the Fig. 1 ?  I did not find any 
mentioning at all in the text about these points.  If we want to say
that the same-sign pairs give a very good match to the opposite-sign
pairs outside of the peak... we should say it.  But do we really want to
enter in such discussions ?  Personally, I must confess that I am a bit
puzzled by the fact that the SS pairs and the OS pairs are "on the top
of each other".  In some bins, the SS is even above the OS.  We 
should look at this in more detail once we have 30 pb-1 of data (100
times more statistics than used in this paper ! ).  I know that the DY
dimuons are expected to be negligible in comparison to the muon 
pairs from correlated and uncorrelated charm and beauty decays...
The comparison between SS and OS dimuon mass distributions might 
bring some information about a few things.  But that is not the purpose 
of this paper.  And in this analysis the J/psi yield is extracted through a 
procedure that does not use at all the existence of the SS pairs 
(fortunately).  In other words: do we have any reason to show the SS 
pairs in this figure ?  It seems to me that it raises more questions than 
it provides answers  :-) 

Figures 5 and 6 contain a fourth panel "adding the other three".  This 
is not really "new information" (it is not even mentioned in the Tables)
and I bet the referee will ask us to remove it.  Anybody can add three 
numbers: "|y|<2.4" = "|y|<1.2" +  "1.2<|y|<1.6" + "1.6<|y|<2.4"...
With only three panels, we can place them side by side, in a single 
"row", and save a lot of space.  We can even skip the y-axis labels and 
numbers in the 2nd and 3rd panel, and have the three panels touching 
each other.  
In any case, the legends "1.2 < |y| < 1.6" and "1.6 < |y| < 2.4" of Fig. 5
need to be moved to the left (and written in a smaller font ? ).

Eq. 4 writes eps_psi = eps_mu1 * eps_mu2 * (1+rho) * eps_vertex
but I would have written it with (1-rho), so that the rho values would
be positive.  I mean, the dimuon eff is always smaller than the product
of the two single muon efficiencies, right ?

I think it would be worth mentioning the typical values of rho, so that the
reader understands that we are talking about a small detail...

Table 3: The 2nd column should be "statistical" or "stat." and not "statistics".

I would suggest to delete the columns "B-frac." and "non-prompt polar."
from this table and simply say in the text that these effects lead to 
negligible systematic uncertainties.  I would not know how to defend that
the systematic uncertainty in the pT bin 8--10 in the two mid-rapidity 
ranges is 0.0....  Or why in the fwd rapidity range the value changes from 
0.1 to 0.3 to 0.0 to 0.3 from low to high pT.  Are these values significant?
Are we sure that 0.1 is really different from 0.3 ?  These are irrelevant
differences and it is better to say in the text that this effect leads to 
systematic uncertainties at the permille level.

Table 4 needs some clean up.  See the last two lines: some errors are 
"0.3" next to "0.31", or "0.021" next to "0.02".  Elsewhere we see
"28.2+-4" --> either 28+-4 or 28.2+-4.0, etc., etc.

In the caption, replace "systematical" by "systematic".  Delete the spurious 
space: "( lambda"

I am happy to see that, at very low pT, the HX and CS frames are 
degenerate, as they should be  :-) 

In Table 7, I propose that we delete the sum in quadrature in the 3rd 
column.  Every knows how to get 0.50 by adding 0.31 and 0.40.
And please delete "stat" and "syst" from each row.  Once in the caption
is enough.

In Table 8, I propose that we delete the sum in quadrature in the 3rd 
column.  Every knows how to get 1.54 by adding 0.54 and 1.44.
And please delete "stat" and "syst" from each row.  Once in the caption
is enough.
In the caption, why is it written "(in the data)" ?  What else could it be ?
