I have a "but" though.. it is related with the quality of the write-up. It 
looks to me more a internal communication that a journal paper. The 
quality of the content will, in my opinion, very much benefit from a 
better description. I think with a bit of dedicated effort the paper can 
be improved avoiding too "colloquial" descriptions, vague statements 
and/or imprecisions. 

I send you some specific examples: 

Lines 21-22: "validate QCD and parton distribution functions in Mc 
generation2. I think you do not talk of PDFs in the rest of the text. The 
comparisons are between different models. Also the MC generation can be 
removed. 

Line 61: two muon candidates at the hardware trigger level (Level 1). 
Althouth it will be clearer if you explain the trigger in terms of minimum 
number of stubs (or segments) required in the muon detectors. 

No further processing means that you do not require high level triggers?. 
No clear in the text. 

Lines 85-86: unclear description of Global and Tracker muons. Would not be 
better to briefly explain the different seeding used in the two 
reconstruction/fitting methods and comment (as you do) the different 
performance (efficiency and purity)?

Lines 114-117: Global-Tracker muon category ? or combination? 

In Fig 1 there are two effects when changing eta: the bckg level and the 
mass resolution. You choose to comment the second one in the fig caption 
(lever arm). For the bckg you mention the SS dimuon check but you do not 
say the result from it. Although it may sound obvious, I think you should 
comment the two effects in the text (not in the caption).  

Lines 131-132: is the last sentence necesary? I think no. 

Eq 3: why not using the standard notation Epsilon-id and Epsilon-trig? in 
fact you refer to them like that in the text line 189.

Line 189-191: --" describe reasonably" sound strange. Just explain bettre 
the granularity you use. 

Line 194: can you quote "rho" with its error rather teh RMS? 

Section 4.2: Can you please look at the order of the paragraphs?..i.e you 
start talking about tag&probe .. and then you come back to that in lines 
195-198. And, you talk about "rho" in lines 192-194 and you can back to it 
at the last paragraph lines 205-209. 

Lines 233-236: It is section 3.2 instead of 3.3, right?. BTW the entry in 
table 3 (pt calibration) refers to the muon momentum scale? If it is the 
case, why not called it like this?. More, the numbers in the table 3 for 
the pt calibration have similar magnitude that other error sources, while 
in these lines (and if we refer to the same effect) you say is negligable. 
Can you find a different wording? .. Maybe i am lost and you are talking 
of different things.. but it is really not clear. 

Lines 254-257: The sentences of this paragraph are a bit obscure. You 
mention a large component is considered in the vertex resolution 
(outlier). This  outlier is mentioned again in the fit to the 
pseudo-proper decay length (lines 274-275) . Could not be better to say 
that vertex resolution effects are taken into account in the treatement of 
the speudo-proper decay length. The stuff of the outliers is not clear in 
any of the places. 

General Acknowledgments are missing.

Sorry i do not give you alternative statements in my comments (in fact 
they are just a subset of examples). As i said, it will be good to try to 
improve the text in general, maybe if you do so specific corrections are 
not anymore useful. 
