General: What is the plan for measuring the polarization in J/psi? Is it a
question of statistics or what is the problem?

Lines 183-186: Either include the plots you are mentioning in the comment or
give the average efficiencies (in few pt,eta ranges?).

L 216: <1/(A*eff)>  (comment related to the muon efficiencies)
The acceptance A is from MC, the efficiency eff, and in particular the muon efficiencies "inside",
is from data (or MC?). Did you check how compatible are the T&P muon efficiency results between
data and MC? Could you point me to them?
Shouldn't you introduce a correction factor of some kind (if not statistically compatible)?
My point is that only A*eff is well defined - A and eff alone are subjective in some extend.
In the same context, Tab 2, A*eff uncertainties: which is the leading source - A or eff
(probably it vary with bins?)? In the conclusions you state explicitly that the systematics
is dominated by the statistical uncertainty of the muon efficiency. It is also in Tab. 3. Then is it
true that the uncertainties of your results (cross-sections) are still statistically dominated?
When do you expect "irreducible" systematics to dominate?

Eq 6. : For which polarization is this? "Null"?
Does it make sense to try to give an estimate for the cross-section in the whole phase space?

Systematics and Table 3 : You have the misalignment in the tracker specially considered for the B-fraction.
Why isn't it important here (or where is it absorbed? did you make a cross-check with it in some way)?

Section 7 ("Comparisons"): Please correct me if I am wrong:
MC is produced using tuning (generally speaking) to CDF data, so at "Some" (maybe "Null") polarization.
Our data (used for comparisons on Fig. 5) are "produced" with the "Real" polarization and analyzed with
the "Null" polarization hypothesis.
How should I understand the statement on lines 330-331 that the cross-section (analyzed at "Null" hypothesis)
is "higher than expected" ? Could this be just the wrong polarization hypothesis?

Section 8 ("Conclusions"): The first result given is for the "Null" hypothesis, isn't it?
Just not clear to me.

General: Did you try comparing results obtained from TT and GG muon pairs? Are they consistent?

Minor comments:

L 113 : "per event" -> "per selected event" (right?)

Fig. 1 : if using SS data - give it with a different marker type (i.e. colorblind/black&white readable)
         Why not giving the fitted ("nominal"?) mass as well?

Below L 138: "nominal J/Psi mass" - what is "nominal" (from the fit? PDG?)?

L 239: "noticed" -> "noted" (I think this is more "English" though I am not a native speaker)