Dear JHEP referee,

Thanks for reviewing carefully etc. <Roberto T.> 

GENERAL

- I would suggest to present in addition to the differential cross sections
also the integrated total cross sections in the same range of rapidity
and transverse momentum. This would help in the comparison with
the previous results form the same experiment and with the other ex-
periments, albeit the different range.

We accept this suggestion. Integrated cross-sections corrected and uncorrected 
for acceptance have been added to the results section and the abstract. Notice 
that our choice of giving also the uncorrected one is meant to ease 
comparison with other experiments and MC generators, that could assume
different underlying polarization scenarios. 

- There are a few cases when the numerical results are not given in the
paper but available on a CMS twiki page. Since there are no strict
requirements from the journal side on the number of pages, I strongly
recommend to have them as part of the paper, even in an appendix at
the end of the article. It can be quite uncomfortable for people reading
the paper without internet connection and web pages do change very
often and the results should always be available.

<Roberto T.>

- You use different ways to refer to "B", both upper or lower case, with
and without hyphenation or space. Examples: (on page 12) b fragmen-
tation, B rest, B decay, b-quark, B-decay. Please choose one style and
use it throughout the paper.

We tried to follow a specific convention, namely: we use lowercase 
b to refer to something happening at parton level (e.g. "b fragmentation") and 
uppercase B for long-lived mesons after hadronization, and possibly decay of 
excited states (e.g. "B decays"). 
Moreover we use a hyphen in the full expression is meant to be an attribute
of some other noun (e.g.: "b-quark fragmentation", as in "three-floor 
building") and no hyphen when it is a standalone expression (e.g. "lifetime 
of the B meson", as in "a building with three floors").
Please let us know if you still find in the paper occurrencies where this
convention is not followed.

SPECIFIC

- abstract : include the total integrated cross section values once added
to the paper.

We cannot give the values (4 or 8, see new text) or the full pT-|y| range
description in the abstract because this is rather long (the minimum and
maximum pT-limits vary in different bins of rapidity) so we only added
"... and integrated in the kinematical regions considered in this study."

- section 1,2 : put the cross section formula (eq.8) already in one of the
first three section (preferably the introduction). The structure will flow
better if you say at the beginning what you want to measure and the
ingredients which are going into the measurement. Please also state
at the same time the range of rapidity and transverse momentum you
cover, i.e. 8-70 GeV/c and |y| < 2.4.

The formula has been moved to an earlier position in the paper. See comment 
above on the pT-|y| total range, which needs a more precise 
description (added).

- section 3: you say you reject multiple dimuon candidates by keeping
only the one with the largest chi2 probability. This I assume is inde-
pendently of the dynamic of the dimuon events. Did you try to keep
multiple candidates and instead reject clones ?

The largest chi2 probability is indeed independent of the kinematics of
the dimuon events and therefore does not bias the pT-|y| distribution. The
best candidate choice is mainly used for arbitration in cases where there are
3 muons in the event so the multiple candidates in the event share a
muon (clearly unphysical). Events where there are 4 muons (i.e. two "real"
charmonium candidates) in the correct mass range are less than 0.1% of the
total, so the result is unchanged within the much larger statistical
uncertainties (> 1%) if these events are kept in the selection.

- section 4 (page 4): when you fit the two peaks, do you use a Gaussian
and a Crystal Ball (CB) for both (i.e. two Gaussian and two CB in
total) or do you mean one Gaussian for one peak and one CB for the
other one ? Please clarify in the text.

Two Gaussians and two CB in total. This is now clarified in the text:
"For both the J/psi and psi(2S) signal peaks the probability density 
function (pdf) defined before, i.e. the sum of a Gaussian and a Crystal Ball 
function, is used, with the following constraints..."

- Also include the values of the parameters alpha and n of the CB you use.

These are free parameters of the fit in each pT-|y| bin, so there
would be a long list of them. Notice that when we say "constrained", it does
not mean that the parameters are fixed. It just means that the same value is
used for the two peaks, but this (common) value is a free parameter of the fit:
it just enters the likelihood calculation twice per event.

- Also, you say the widths are constrained to be the same scaled by the ratio
of the masses: to which value do you constrain them ? To the width obtained
with the J/psi fit only ?

A similar reasoning applies here as for alpha and n. There is one floating
width in each pT-|y| bin and the other width is constrained (but not fixed)
to be the same, scaled by the resonance mass ratio.

- section 5: can you add a distribution of the total efficiency (i.e. ac-
ceptance x e_trigger x e_reconstruction&selection ) as a function of pT and
y ?

Suggestion accepted. This figure has been added (Fig. 2 in the new draft).

- section 5.1, page 5, : based on your definition, is a "detectable J/psi
-> mm event" an event where both muons are "detectable" ? if so specify
it in the text.

Yes. It is now explained better in the text:
"The J/psi acceptance A is defined as the fraction of J/psi -> mu^+ mu^- 
decays in which both muons are detectable, as a function of..."

- section 5.1, page 6: can you add in the list of uncertainties of the
acceptance the value of each contribution as you do on page 18 for the
ratio.

On page 18 the uncertainties are on a single measurement, while here they
are different from bin to bin. So we prefer to give them in rapidity ranges
and as a minimum and maximum value over pT (this is done in Tables 1 and 2 for
the systematic uncertainties discussed in page 6, as well as for all other
sources), so the reader can also appreciate how they vary over the phase
space we are considering.

- section 5.1, page 6: what do you mean by "charmonium variables" when
describing the systematic uncertainty due to Final-State radiation ?

When final state radiation is simulated, one can identify in the MC generator
information the pT-|y| of the original charmonium and the pT-|y| of the dimuon
(due to the emission of the FSR photon(s) these two quantities are not
the same, while they are in absence of FSR). At MC level,
the difference between the two is used to estimate the acceptance variation.
The text has been changed to:
"The generated dimuon momentum may differ from the J/psi and psi(2S) momentum,
because of FSR. The difference between the acceptance computed, using the 
J/psi or psi(2S) rapidity and p_T, before and after FSR emission
in Eq. (\ref{eq:acceptance}) is taken as a systematic uncertainty."

- section 5.2, page 7: about the rho factor you introduce, is this the differ-
ence between the efficiency measured using the reconstructed variables
in fully simulated J/psi or psi(2S) Monte Carlo events, and the one mea-
sured using the true dimuon variables in the same events ?

No, the rho factor (as defined in Eq. (5)) is always based on reconstructed
quantities in MC: it expresses the difference between the true MC efficiency
for a di-muon (number of reconstructed di-muons / number of generated
di-muons) and the product of the two single-muon efficiencies ad determined
in MC with the Tag-and-Probe method. It is a quantification of the efficiency
correlations between the two muons that cannot be measured in data using the
Tag-and-Probe method, because this only gives access to single-muon
efficiencies.

- Can you state which is the maximum difference you obtain (including also the
"bins at high pT") ?

This is already stated in the paper. Since "The full difference |1-rho| in
each bin is taken as a systematic uncertainty due to the efficiency
correlation", the maximum difference appears in Tables 1 and 2 in the
"rho factor" line: it is 23.2% for the J/psi and 13.1% for the psi(2S).

- section 8.1 : I do not understand why do you state that the discrepancy
of the non prompt psi(2S) cross section with the FONLL model is due to
the poor knowledge of the B(B -> psi(2S)X). This uncertainty should
be included in the uncertainty on the theory predictions. If not you can
add it yourselves in quadrature with the uncertainty which is given by
the authors. If the measurement lies still below after this uncertainty
has been added to the prediction, it is inconsistent with the model.

Many thanks for finding this inconsistency. Our intention was exactly to
add this uncertainty in quadrature with the uncertainty as given by
the authors, but, due to a problem in the figure making, this was plotted in
an incorrect way in Fig. 5-right. This has been fixed now: as you can see
the measurements are now within the errors, and this is consistent with the
new BR measurement being in agreement with the PDG value.

Also the words commenting the result have been changed to:
"For non-prompt production there is an overall shift of the measurements with
respect to the FONLL predictions, although within the large uncertainty on
the B(B -> psi(2S)X) branching fraction." 

