> Thanks for this new paper on J/psi and psi(2S) production!

You're welcome!

Our answers follow. In the "Details" section, comments not replied to 
are accepted for the new version of the paper.

> As for the changes with the low luminosity analysis, there are two major 
ones: we
> have more pile-up in this data sample and the triggers have evolved for 
higher instantaneous
> luminosity. Did any of these two changes affect this analysis in a way 
that is
> different from the one in [4]? This would be useful to mention explicity.

The effect of the triggers is to reduce the low-pT reach of the measurements.
On the other hand, the high pT reach is increased due to larger statistics.
We included Fig. 2 exactly to show these effects.

Pile-up does not affect the dimuon mass, which is anyway "cleaned" by the
tight trigger requirements. Effects on the choice of the PV for the 
lifetime measurements are detailed in the "pile-up" systematics.

We have expanded on both subjects in the paper.
  
> We use the zero polarization hypothesis for the prompt production,
> which is fine, but we actually also discuss the effect of other polarization
> schemes (which I think is indeed the good thing to do) but the reader
> discovers that only by line 320. I suggest to mention that we did that study upfront
> also in the introduction. 

The discussion on the acceptance/polarization was indeed a bit split up, as
noticed also by other reviewers. We have improved on that.
  
> We compare with models like NRQCD and FONLL: I believe for self-consistency of the
> paper we should include a description in the introduction on what the physics
> in these models is (beyond of what we say already).
  
Both are complex models, taking into account several effects which are hard
to summarize in a few lines. We have tried to add more information.

> We present the numerical values of some of the plots only on a twiki page...
> No place in this paper? (is this our agreed way of transmitting this now?
> best to be checked with Roberto Tenchini)

The way to show numerical results was actually a suggestion of his. Notice 
that the Twiki and the reference to it are temporary: at submission time, all
the material will be placed in the appropriate areas of the journal webserver.

> Details
> 
> line 8 Chi_cf?  (notation correct?)

Do you mean chi_cJ? It is a standard way to refer to the three resonances
chi_c0, chi_c1, chi_c2, using the total spin index. chi_c only is also a
good choice (changed).
 
> line 13-14: what did we learn at the end in this paper related to the questions posed here?

As noticed by other reviewers, this sentence is too strong and will be 
changed. The result of our paper is that psi' production agrees with NLO
NRQCD with long-didtances matrix elements fitted from CDF data, within the 
theory errors.

> line 53: maybe useful to add that the HLT uses the full detector information
>      (as you specify the limited detector information available to the L1)

Ok. A sentence about "advanced processing at HLT" has been added. Some details
are given, which should make clear that full detector information is 
available at that stage.

> line 69: The sentence "color octet states undergo a shower evolution" does not really tell much
>    What do you want to say here? A difference with the color singlet states?

Yes. In Pythia both color-singlet and color octet states are simulated
as 'particles' with some status. However color-singlet particles are already
physical states, while color-octets are unphysical, so showering must be 
always turned on in this case to obtain a sensible event. In the other case, 
a production of a single 1P state, then radiatively decaying into a J/psi is 
a perfectly acceptable process.

> line 166-168: I am not sure how that study deals without the systematic discussed
>   in this bullet. Perhaps that would deserve a word of explaining?

The amount of FSR changes the acceptance, since when this effect is larger 
the muon pT decreases on average and so does the acceptance.
To account for the fact that this amount of FSR is taken from a MC simulation
(PHOTOS) we take as alternative the acceptance wuth PHOTOS switched off and
assign as a systematic uncertainty the difference with the default setting.

> line 189: " have a stronger pT and eta dependence". Stronger than what?

Than the tracking efficiency. Changed into "the strongest", following
Ian's suggestion.

> line 224: do we say somewhere in the paper that ref [4] was for much lower luminosity?

Yes, it is explained in the introduction, where we say that the present
measurement "extends the results to a larger amount of data".

> Fig 2: The legend in the figure is too small, and hard to read. This can be easily
>      increased in size as there is enough space in the picture frame.

The legend has been enlarged a bit and the format has changed (following
Perini's comment).

> Section 7.2 is strange: just telling that these numbers exist without showing or discussing them. If these are interesting we should discuss them here,otherwise this section should be part of some other part of the text.

B-fractions and acceptance-uncorrected cross section plots are now added 
in the results section.

> Fig 4/5 what are these lines exacty? A fit of some kind? or just to guide the
> eye? The caption says 'for illustrative purpose' which does not really say what it is.

Just to guide the eye: if you try to imagine the figure without the lines, it's
very hard to follow the pattern of one rapidity bin, because the cross-sections
decrease very rapidly with pT (this is true especially for J/psi).

> More importantly: it looks like fig 4a and 5a are identical in the paper (both are for FONLL)
> Is the NRQCD figure missing? difficult to check the physics discussion in the paper, with this wrong figure

Yes, sorry. The next version will contain the correct one, for now please 
refer to the corresponding figure in the PAS (which is correct).

> Fig 6: what errors are included for the data points? Statistical only?

No, statistics + all systematics except luminosity and polarization, as 
specified in the figure. It is now added in the caption as well.

> line 387: Can we say something more on what it means that the non-prompt
> cross section at high pT is not reproduced?

There can be many factors (e.g. model for b fragmentation into
B and then J/psi) that could affect the spectra even if the FONLL at parton
level is correct. We just observe that within the uncertainties we assume
for the theory and the measurements, there is no excellent agreement.

> line 391: in the text we say a factor 3.5, here 3. Be consistent...

Ok, we change the second one to 3.
