-- FIT MASSA

- Figures 1, 3: the panes with pulls are really illegible - the font is way 
too small. You waste a lot of real estate by separating the two panes 
vertically by a huge amount of white space. Suggest combining the two 
panes (saves you second set of x-axis labels as well!) and showing the 
pulls with color bars, a la Fig. 2 in our dijet paper, arXiv:1107.4771. 
This way the figures would look cleaner. You should also make them wider to 
use the real estate more efficiently.

- Figure 1: The pull plots do not seem to add much information, especially 
since we do not know if these are typical fits or the best two.  I would 
suggest removing the pull plots and putting the chi^2 in the mass plots. 
The chi^2 does not need two decimal places; an integer is fine.  The axis
labels on the y-axis for the right plot need to be closer to the axis.  
The font size of everything should be increased, especially axis labels 
and values.  In the caption, the pT values do not need ".0" and there does 
not need to be ":" after "bin".

- Figure 1: legends and axis labels are in too small font, difficult to 
read

- plots of fit pulls (Figs. 1 and 3): please state in the text what should
be learned from these plots, or consider removing the plots, or give the 
goodness of fit information just as a number chi^2/NDF.

-- FIT LIFETIME

- Figures 1, 3: the panes with pulls are really illegible - the font is way
too small. You waste a lot of real estate by separating the two panes
vertically by a huge amount of white space. Suggest combining the two
panes (saves you second set of x-axis labels as well!) and showing the
pulls with color bars, a la Fig. 2 in our dijet paper, arXiv:1107.4771.
This way the figures would look cleaner. You should also make them wider 
to use the real estate more efficiently.

- Figure 3: As in Figure 1, the pull histograms do not add very much.  I 
would suggest moving the chi^2 to the lifetime plot and removing the pull 
histograms.  If the pull histograms are kept then I think
all of the points in the pull histogram need to appear in the lifetime plot.
That is, the minimum y-value must be lowered to see all of the data 
points.  Again the chi^2/dof should just be an integer/integer.
The caption needs to indicate over what mass range these two projections 
are made. In the caption, the momenta values do not need ".0".  In the 
caption "Projection of a J/psi-psi(2S) two-dimensional fit" is confusing 
because it leads to the supposition that the J/psi is also present in 
this plot.  Maybe instead of calling them the J/psi fit and the J/psi-psi(2S) 
fit you can specify the mass range of the fit or just call the second one 
the psi(2S) fit.

- plots of fit pulls (Figs. 1 and 3): please state in the text what should
be learned from these plots, or consider removing the plots, or give the 
goodness of fit information just as a number chi^2/NDF.

-- B FRACTION

- Farle senza additive factors e con fonts piu' grosse
